# 7/16/25 6:30 pm
started scrimba courses.
got a new smartphone.
# 7/17/25 7:24 am
downloaded ic documents.
remember to delete locally.
save key documents to drpbx.
initialized protonpass keep database.
BK
# 7/25/25 5:33 am
updated journal. going to do all github skills tutorial walkthru's
BK
# 8/5/25 1:38 am
on the afternoon of 7/25/25 i sourced three green bars from prd at airport and holgate in the sodo zone soda zone.  instead of even and responsible redosing after the initial dose of 1.5 tabs i irresponsibly finished the remainder of what i hadnt taken yet while sitting at an spl workstation on the fifth floor of central branch. blackout was initiated before any long term memory formation occurred beyond initial logging in to a shared-use workstation. wait. my last memory prior to blacking was printing out 2 months worth of my google calendar account kb at gmail dot com. after discharge from hmc ed i discovered that I had checked out and lost spl material effectively tanking my pristine spl reputation since my plethora of lost materials fines totalling over 200 usd was purged and forgiven on my birthday in either 2023 or 2024. i will only have to repay the cost of a fairly short not well known nonfiction hardcover. no checkout of materials until sum is paid in full. workstation use is available even with fines regardless of total sum. borrowers must agree to and adhere to at least a 5 usd per month payment plan to qualify for monitored checkout of one book at a time and the material must be manually checked out by spl officials at front reception desk. more tba - ps Capacities for Android is failing to resolve to the login page where input of email and password is requested. when app is loaded the Capacities logo appears on a blank background indefinitely. new Nokia G300 5G Android 11 smartphone arrived and booted 8/3/25. awaiting return email asking if the Capacities API is down. more later. bk.
# 8/5/25 9:13 pm
well the mariners are hosting chw and are leading 8-1. update final score 8-3 mariners beat the whitesox at tmobile park in SODO. texas and houston also win their own respective games resulting in no movement in the divisional standings - al west. Seattle maintains a wildcard worthy win loss ratio as of before tonights game vs chicago at home. wildcard berths will no doubt be decided after the last few games of the season - if not the very last game indeed. denny wanted my 120mg yesterday and was willing to trade me one of his 180mg bottles he picked up this morning. he runs out of bottles before his pickup day every cycle. i know this because each cycle on the monday prior to his tuesday face dose date he requests my tuesday 120mg for a trade of one of his 14 bottles he picks up on tuesday morning at 6:30am each 2 weeks. i always say of course because he has the best lending creditworthyness of anybody i know. he has paid me back on time every time in the exact amount promised and in the exact same type of currency as i fronted him in loan form. furthermore, he doesnt play marco polo and avoid me on repayment day. he is always the first one to get ahold of me instead of the other way around. most of these fuckers here will disappear on repayment days. you call they don't answer. you knock on their door and hear them walking around inside but they don't answer your knock. you do this again 3 more times each one hour apart. it is then that I consider the loan to be in default and the availability of my credit ceases to exist. but not just that. if you give me your word that you will pay me back on say, tuesday, and when Tuesday comes you don't call or stop by and pretty soon its nighttime and you have not repaid. you make me look for you. even so, when I try your door the peephole has light coming through it and I hear movement beyond the door. you know its me looking for my repayment and you ignore my knock then ignore my subsequent attempts until i give up. dont talk to me or approach me conversationally ever again unless the money you owe me is in one hand being extended in my direction. if you try to explain some special circumstance or excuse or want to make further promises of for sure dates of repayment just dont bother. i figured when i loaned you the money in the first place that someone like you would not repay a loan. i can tell by the way you carry yourself that your endgame is deception to further your own self interests. i wouldnt have extended the offer of a loan if i couldnt afford to consider the "loan" a "gift". in my mind it wad always a gift. in yours it will always be an unpaid loan. cause and effect. your decision to avoid repayment resulted in the end of our relationship as casually friendly acquaintances. now i dont want to talk to you, look at you, listen to your endless ways of alternating the events to fit your own preferred narrative to look like the winning party in the game of life. there will come a time when you will require my addistance with a particular circumstance. thing is, because you didn't pay me back the money i loaned to you, im not even willing to hear you request my assistance. immediately ill interject and inform you that i no longer associate with people who dont respect the favors i do for them in good faith. get out of my headspace and I will suggest that you stay the fuck out cuz i dont fuck with you. period. the end.
